---
layout: post
title: What's New in VisualEyes 1.1.2/1.1.3
subtitle: 
tags: [VisualEyes, Coaching, Video, New Version, 1.1.2, 1.1.3, VisualEyes Pro, Cloud Storage]
comments: true
---

We're excited to introduce several new features and enhancements in the latest update of VisualEyes. 

Here's what's new: 
- Video Searching by Athlete, Tags, and Title: Easily locate specific videos with our enhanced search functionality. Now you can search videos based on the athlete featured, associated tags, or specific titles. 
Advanced Drawing Tools: 
- Introducing new drawing tools for a more dynamic and expressive experience: 
- Line with Arrow: Draw precise lines with an arrowhead, perfect for highlighting specific elements in your videos. 
- FreeDraw with Arrow: Unleash your creativity with freeform drawing while still having the option to add directional arrows for emphasis. 

- Visualeyes Pro Cloud Integration Enhancements: We've made significant improvements to the Visualeyes Pro Cloud integration to provide a smoother and more efficient user experience: 
- Optimized Handling of Large Video Uploads: Experience faster and more reliable uploads of large video files to the Visualeyes Pro Cloud. 
- Efficient Downloads: Download videos from the cloud more efficiently, ensuring a quicker and seamless process. 
- Download Progress Indicator: Keep track of your video downloads with a progress indicator, providing real-time feedback on the download status. 

- General Improvements: User Interface Enhancements: Enjoy a more polished and user-friendly interface, making navigation and interaction even more intuitive. Bug Fixes and Performance Optimizations: We've addressed various bugs and optimized the overall performance for a smoother app experience. Thank you for your continued support, and we hope these new features and enhancements enhance your experience with VisualEyes. If you have any feedback or encounter any issues, please reach out to our support team. Happy exploring and creating with Visualeyes Pro!